---
layout: post
categories: call me crazy
---

These chilly winter days will make me stay at home and bundle up in scarves, socks, and furry boots. The days will leave me either lonely, scared, neutral, fanatic, or stronger. I guess, I'm born to do things on my own most of the times. So be ready to be alone most of your days unless you absoluetly need your plus one to be with you 24/7. Your plus one is human not a robotic or nonhuman animal. That would be cool. Let's be realistic here. I'm always trying to find the exceptions. Oooo bad... I have a long way in growing up so excuse me. I need to exempt my excuses in the exceptional basis. 

Let's not find those exceptional rules. I'm sure there are endless. This isn't pretty.

Have you ever had friends who insisted to attend the restroom with them? Does it sound weird? Werid? It's a formality of behavior and likely happen once in awhile amongst groups. I wonder, do boys ask boys (men to men) to guide them to the restroom or meet up at the boys room. Is it a gender thing? I didn't understand when I was in high school. I didn't like to be attending the same restroom while on break especially when you're asked to go into the same stall with them. Ahahhaa 'please I can hold the door for you but don't push me in with you.' I understood this behavior when I started to experience my outings with the girls, guys, and during college nights. I didn't understand then but I do now. It's a stepping stone. Lol a stepping stone to womanhood. I prefer to view it this way. It usually occurred right before dinner and/or after sipping on drinks. I know, we gotta go when we got to go!! Sometimes random moments 3x within an hour. Is that too much? It's like "I need a pee break" or "I need a smoke" at the end of every conversation. Do hold my line for me until I return. Ahhaaha the next thing you know. The people who held up the line for you ended up flat on the floor or they disappeared. There are days when I do want to go on that "pee" or "smoke" break every hour. Wouldn't you agree? 

Those are the gleeful days and once in a blue moon stupid days.

It's always a pleasant and/or awful speciality when dining out with friends and doing take-outs. Ahahhahaa. Ever had a dinner night when it turned out for the worst? You either had an argument, differences of beliefs, or verbal competition in who is right? I had plenty. And maybe you did too! Unfortunately, the timing for dinner dates and scheduling have been sporadic with friends these past months. It's as if my friends and I are a hit or miss throughout the month. There are always something that seem to come up such as a personal crisis, cancellation, not in the mood, or troubled start. I think I get it. <em>Doubtfully</em>. Sometimes the other person's moodiness impacts my decision. I prefer not to dine out when the other person is hauling her/his anger and disrupts our ambience. I thought I've seen it all <em>(the dark side of moodiness)</em>. Damn! I have yet to see another dark side. Oooooo-wii please, help me survive another rocky carpool ride. In the past week, I've been eating alone. Yes, I've dined alone. It's becoming a frequent scene, a habit. I believe I'm doing just fine. However when I spot a group size of 15+ people. <b>I don't feel well<b/>. I feel uncomfortable and I must pace myself quickly to finish. Sometimes, I forget to chew and I end up having chest congestion. There was a day, where I didn't care. <em>Hakuna Matata! Ain't no passing craze. It means no worries for the rest of your days</em> <b>credit: Elton John and Tim Rice</b>. It is the unrestful peace as others view me while I eat for two. Hmmm... Call me crazy... I'm a monster. 

<em>I will someday be in need of my plus one and dinner sure will be dandy like eating for three</em>. 

